belen unlocked the door the gears
started rotating a 25 centimeters thick
door iron opened
inside was a secret room her room could
be observed through the mirror from here
although there were firecrackers on the
inside nobody could hear anything from
outside
the landlord didn't even know the
existence of this secret room but belen
found it
in order to test her boyfriend's
faithful to her she decided to record a
video with a serious face
telling her boyfriend that she wanted to
break up with him after packing
she hid in the secret room the first day
when adrian came back from work
he was upset watching the video which
satisfied belen therefore she decided to
end this challenge
because she knew that he was loyal to
her she opened her bag and was about to
surprise adrian
however she couldn't find the key
suddenly she remembered that she dropped
it outside
so she immediately called her boyfriend
for help no matter how loud he screamed
adrian still couldn't hear anything he
was still standing there sadly
belen tried to phone him but no signal
she used another key to open the door
unfortunately it didn't work belen took
a chair and kept hitting on the glass
but still didn't work
the thickness of this glass was two
meters which were impossible to break or
even scratch
looking at adrian being hurtful sitting
on the bed and saying i love you
non-stop
belen realized that she has done a
stupid thing the following day
adrian called the police but they
couldn't help him because belen has
recorded a video
she found a military uniform and a diary
it turned out that this place used to be
the room of an army general
in order to save herself belen started
trying the way that prisoners escaped in
the movie
that was digging a hole on the wall with
a spoon luckily there were still some
expired food and polluted water
although it helped to maintain her life
she wouldn't be able to stand for a long
time
seeing her boyfriend being heartbroken
every day she felt so guilty and upset
but she couldn't do anything else belen
tried to kick the pipe and found that
the basin shaking
at the same time adrian was washing his
face outside
belen took an iron bar and kept hitting
the pipe the water started rippling more
and more
she kept screaming for help but adrian
still didn't hear anything
because of the rain outside it's been 10
minutes until adrian left
digging the wall was the only way then a
month has passed the spoon has worn out
but the hole was still small
the light was also broken it was not as
simple as it was in movies
belen turned on the electric generator
but accidentally broke it
two months later adrian brought a girl
home belen was hopeless looking at them
enjoying each other
she was extremely mad so her tears just
kept falling down
she didn't expect that this stupid
challenge took her boyfriend away
she had to witness the man she loved
having sex with another girl without
being able to do anything
the next day she saw fabiana who was not
better than her
even using her toothbrush without
permission belen took her anger out on
the basin
apparently fabiana heard belens crying
for help belen tried to shout extremely
loudly but fabiana just kept brushing
her teeth it was obvious that she didn't
hear anything
just only belen was lonely then she sat
on the corner of the room and cried out
loud
the speaker again transmitted the happy
sound of the other two belen just kept
digging and so on but then she met
another reinforcement cover her
hopelessness started raising
in this room the only thing that belen
could control was this valve
after a few times of burning fabiana
belen secretly chuckled but it didn't
help anything
she still had to see fabiana with her
boyfriend together a while later
fabiana found the key of the secret room
belen deeply hoped that fabiana would be
curious
and opened the door unexpectedly fabiana
assumed it as a necklace and put it on
her neck
which drove belen crazy belen saw that
fabiana was running
the water the next morning so she hit
the pipe strongly with another steel bar
to give the signal
conversely fabiana felt scared and
stayed away from the rippling water
but she suddenly sensed something she
said start bullen hit the pipe
she said stop belen also stopped fabiana
believed that her father who was dead
visited her but it was wrong when she
thought about him
the water stopped rippling fabiana then
thought about belen which made belen hit
it even harder
finally fabiana guessed it right and
asked whether belen was dead
belen heard that and stopped hitting
fabiana then asked whether belen was
stuck
the water kept rippling again fabiana
wanted to take the mirror out but she
wasn't strong enough also the dog kept
digging that wall
fabiana carefully checked she opened the
wardrobe and saw the lock fabiana took
the key on her neck off and was about to
unlock but suddenly she stopped
she was thinking about something she
walked back to the basin stared at
herself in the mirror
simultaneously drained water from the
sink when adrian came back
fabiana immediately kissed him and then
silently looked at the mirror
perhaps she could understand bellen's
feelings at that time belen's feelings
at that moment were hard to describe
she knew that it was hard for fabiana to
let adrian go
the next day fabiana carefully hid the
key since she didn't want anybody to
know that belen was stuck in there
furthermore she knew for sure that if
belen was out she would lose everything
not long after fabiana was curious to
know whether belen was still alive or
dead
she stood in the front of the mirror and
said something but no one answered
fabiana used water vapor to leave
a line on the glass but still nobody
responded fabiana opened the door and
walked inside
the room was not only smelly but also
narrow probably just a few meters
fabiana came closer to check if bolen
had died suddenly bolen
opened her eyes hit fabiana to make her
faint and took the key to go out
in addition to that she locked the door
belen looked at her worn-out face in the
mirror
she came to the living room and enjoyed
the sunlight that she hasn't seen for
ages
she knew for sure that this house was
not a place where she belonged anymore
at that
time adrian also came home the dog was
barking non-stop and walking him to the
bedroom
he saw an old set of keys and the
picture with belen on the mirror
this made him speechless for a moment
because fabiana was lost and so was
belen
this house must have some problems at
that time belen was on the seashore and
thinking that she finally revived during
the time in the secret room
she realized lots of things that's all
for the movie but belen was certainly a
good girl
so i think she would come back and save
fabiana after a while